Update LICENSE.txt (#14307)
mautic/mautic: LICENSE.txt

Mautic is released under the GPL v3.

> Mautic is a registered trademark held by Open Source Collective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mautic is a trademark of the Mautic project of the Open Source Collective.
```
This is how we'd agreed with Open Source Collective that we'd write it on our website so I think it should be fine here. If needed we can link out to https://contribute.mautic.org/policies/trademark?
